Double down on single value AEAD interface. (#243)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

This document does not specify a wire format encoding for HPKE messages. Applications
that adopt HPKE must therefore specify an unambiguous encoding mechanism which includes,
minimally: the encapsulated value `enc`, ciphertext value(s) (and order if there are
multiple), and any info values that are not implicit. One example of a non-implicit
value is the recipient public key used for encapsulation, which may be needed if a
recipient has more than one public key.

> Some AEAD `Seal()` implementations produce multiple outputs consisting of the encrypted
> plaintext and an authentication tag of length Nt. For compatibility, such implementations
> MUST concatenate both values to produce a single output whose length matches that of
> the input plaintext plus Nt. Similarly, an AEAD `Open()` implementation which accepts
> two inputs, one for the encrypted plaintext and another for the authentication tag,
> needs to parse ciphertext values into the consituent pieces, with the trailing Nt bytes
> being the authentication tag and all preceding bytes being the encrypted plaintext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All AEAD algorithms defined in this specification produce and consume a single
value consisting of the ciphertext and authentication tag. However,
some AEAD algorithms produce multiple outputs consisting of the encrypted
plaintext and an authentication tag of length Nt. When used with this specification,
those algorithms MUST concatenate both values to produce a single output whose length matches that of
the input plaintext plus Nt. Similarly, some AEAD algorithms accept
two inputs, one for the encrypted plaintext and another for the authentication tag.
When used with this specification, the ciphertext MUST first be parsed 
into the constituent pieces, with the trailing Nt bytes
being the authentication tag and all preceding bytes being the encrypted plaintext.
```

Seal and Open are actually not part of the 5116 interface.
